# -*- Makefile-automake -*-

EXTRA_DIST             += %reldir%/ChangeLog
EXTRA_DIST             += %reldir%/exiftool_pentax_lens.txt

EXTRA_DIST             += %reldir%/README.pentax
camlibdoc_DATA         += %reldir%/README.pentax


EXTRA_LTLIBRARIES      += pentax.la

pentax_la_SOURCES       =
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/library.c
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr.c
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_enum.c
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_log.c
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_lens.c
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_model.c
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_utils.c
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr.h
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_enum.h
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_lens.h
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_log.h
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_model.h
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_scsi.h
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/pslr_utils.h
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/exiftool_pentax_lens.txt
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/js0n.c
pentax_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/js0n.h

pentax_la_CFLAGS        = $(camlib_cflags)
pentax_la_CPPFLAGS      = $(camlib_cppflags)
pentax_la_DEPENDENCIES  = $(camlib_dependencies)
pentax_la_LDFLAGS       = $(camlib_ldflags)
pentax_la_LIBADD        = $(camlib_libadd)

pentax_la_CFLAGS       += $(NO_UNUSED_CFLAGS)

pentax_la_CFLAGS       += -DLIBGPHOTO2
pentax_la_CFLAGS       += -DPKTDATADIR='"/"'
